So here's the bottom line.
Configure Redis maxmemory and eviction policies.
Monitor cache hit rate.
you're doing amazing.
Most people give up at this point, but not you.
You now know more about Caching than 90 percent of developers who just skim blog posts.
But knowledge without practice is worthless.
Go build something with Caching today.
And if you want a structured path with coding exercises and interview prep, check out guru-sishya.in slash caching.
Hit subscribe so you don't miss the next topic.
Let's go.
You now know how to configure redis maxmemory and eviction policies, monitor cache hit rate, and explain the trade-offs in an interview.
Ab interview mein dhoom machao!